Produced at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------

DISCLAIMER
==========
This work was prepared as an account of work sponsored by an agency of the 
United States Government. Neither the United States Government nor Lawrence 
Livermore National Security, LLC nor any of their employees, makes any 
warranty, express or implied, or assumes any liability or responsibility for 
the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, 
product, or process disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe 
privately-owned rights. Reference herein to any specific commercial products, 
process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer or otherwise does 
not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or 
favoring by the United States Government or Lawrence Livermore National 
Security, LLC. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not 
necessarily state or reflect those of the United States Government or 
Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC, and shall not be used for 
advertising or product endorsement purposes.

AUSPICES
========
This work was produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) 
under contract no. DE-AC52-07NA27344 (Contract 44) between the U.S. 
Department of Energy (DOE) and Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC (LLNS)
for the operation of LLNL. Copyright is reserved to Lawrence Livermore 
National Security, LLC for purposes of controlled dissemination, 
commercialization through formal licensing, or other disposition under 
terms of Contract 44; DOE policies, regulations and orders; and U.S. 
statutes. The rights of the Federal Government are reserved under Contract 
44.
